business ID visibility, filtering, and correlation follow up (#9570)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/concepts/process-instance-creation.md

A process can also have one or more [timer start events](/components/modeler/bpmn/timer-events/timer-events.md#timer-start-events). An instance of the process is created when the associated timer is triggered. Timers can also trigger periodically.

## FEEL context variables

> Starting in 8.10, the process instance is accessible in [FEEL expressions](/components/concepts/expressions.md) via the `camunda.processInstance` context, resolvable in any FEEL expression across the process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in 8.10, the process instance properties are accessible in [FEEL expressions](/components/concepts/expressions.md) via the `camunda.processInstance` context, resolvable in any FEEL expression across the process:
```

> Starting in 8.10, the process instance is accessible in [FEEL expressions](/components/concepts/expressions.md) via the `camunda.processInstance` context, resolvable anywhere in the process — not only in call activity expressions:

Reviewer 2: >— not only in call activity expressions

💭 Does it feel a bit odd to mention this exception here?

Author: Reworded to "resolvable in any FEEL expression across the process." 😄 

This page originally only referenced `camunda.processInstance.businessId` in the Call Activity section, so the "not only in call activity expressions" phrasing was probably carried over from when that was the one place it was documented. Now that it has its own general section here, calling out that exception is more confusing - agreed it reads odd.
